Module2

1.Description:

  This modules gives me a lot of knowledge about Machine learning with it's different types.
  How Supervised and Unsupervised learning can use in real life application.Different types of
  models like Regression and Classification problems with its implementation brush up the knowledge of Machine Learning.

2.Linear Regression:

  Linear Regression Algorithm is a machine learning algorithm based on supervised learning. We have covered supervised 
  learning in our previous articles. Here we are going to focus on Linear regression. Linear regression is a part of
  regression analysis. Regression analysis is a technique of predictive modelling that helps you to find out the 
  relationship between Input and the target variable.
  
  Use Cases of Linear Regression:
  1.Prediction of trends and Sales targets – To predict how industry is performing or how many sales targets industry may achieve in the future. 
  2.Price Prediction – Using regression to predict the change in price of stock or product. 
  3.Risk Management- Using regression to the analysis of Risk Management in the financial and insurance sector.

3.
 
  1.supervised learning techniques, the goal is to develop a group of decision rules that can be used to determine
    a known outcome. These also can be called rule induction models, and they include classification and regression
    models.
  2.Unsupervised learning is a type of machine learning algorithm used to draw inferences from datasets consisting 
   of input data without labeled responses. The most common unsupervised learning method is cluster analysis, which 
   is used for exploratory data analysis to find hidden patterns or grouping in data.
 
  3.A regression problem is when the output variable is a real or continuous value, such as “salary” or “weight”.
   Many different models can be used, the simplest is the linear regression. It tries to fit data with the best
    hyper-plane which goes through the points.
  
  4.In machine learning, classification refers to a predictive modeling problem where a class label is predicted for
    a given example of input data. Examples of classification problems include: Given an example, classify if it is 
    spam or not.

   5.Linear regression attempts to model the relationship between two variables by fitting a linear equation to observed
    data. A linear regression line has an equation of the form Y = a + bX, where X is the explanatory variable and Y
    is the dependent variable.

    Name: Dinesh Kumar Sirvi
    conatct:7231091614
    Email:dineshsirviabc123@gmail.com